This page is home to my two intial project ideas for this semester. See below for the topic followed by its definition. 

1. Multi-cloud hybrid infrastructure. Instead of having only one cloud security solution/vendor (Microsoft, AWS, or GCC), networks should implement multiple clouds. I find this topic interesting because of the recent cyber incidents related to cloud security. Microsoft is facing scrutiny due to the mishandling/ lack of clarity they are providing to clients who were affected by a zero-day vulnerability (embedded into their cloud features/tools). One of the most notable victims of this incident was the U.S. government - more specifically, secretaries and other gov. employees' emails were breached by a threat actor due to this cloud's embedded vulnerability. This scenario really inspired/motivated this capstone idea. Businesses/companies should not be reliant on a singular infrastructure as a service (Iaas) provider. Each provider has unique features/services/tools in their cloud solution, that when overlapped with each other, can provide more security to a network than a single cloud infrastructure.

2. Common ontology for firewall (the exact type of data source is to be decided) telemetry. Custom data framework that would remap/reformat firewall logs into a singular format. I find this idea interesting because I believe the fact that security vendors do not have to abide by/construct/follow a specific data format for their product's telemetry is absurd. The lack of this standard is causing security analysts to learn multiple different data formats which can be not only time-consuming but also a large financial lift. I believe this topic would consist of me gathering a large amount of data from firewalls (For ex: Palo Alto FW) and recognizing what in the data format is user-intuitive and what is not. I then would have to find out a way to reformat the data/fields that are not helpful/exclusive to the fw, and remap these fields/data formats to be more user-friendly/intuitive. 
